iOS-viaPatron/Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-iOS-viaPatron/Pods-iOS-viaPatron-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSAppSync

Amazon Software License 1.0

This Amazon Software License ("License") governs your use, reproduction, and
distribution of the accompanying software as specified below.

1. Definitions

  "Licensor" means any person or entity that distributes its Work.

  "Software" means the original work of authorship made available under this
  License.

  "Work" means the Software and any additions to or derivative works of the
  Software that are made available under this License.

  The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and
  "distribution" have the meaning as provided under U.S. copyright law;
  provided, however, that for the purposes of this License, derivative works
  shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind
  by name) to the interfaces of, the Work.

  Works, including the Software, are "made available" under this License by
  including in or with the Work either (a) a copyright notice referencing the
  applicability of this License to the Work, or (b) a copy of this License.

2. License Grants

  2.1 Copyright Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
  each Licensor grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
  royalty-free, copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
  publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense and distribute its Work and
  any resulting derivative works in any form.

  2.2 Patent Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each
  Licensor grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free
  patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and
  otherwise transfer its Work, in whole or in part. The foregoing license
  applies only to the patent claims licensable by Licensor that would be
  infringed by Licensor's Work (or portion thereof) individually and
  excluding any combinations with any other materials or technology.

3. Limitations

  3.1 Redistribution. You may reproduce or distribute the Work only if
  (a) you do so under this License, (b) you include a complete copy of this
  License with your distribution, and (c) you retain without modification
  any copyright, patent, trademark, or attribution notices that are present
  in the Work.

  3.2 Derivative Works. You may specify that additional or different terms
  apply to the use, reproduction, and distribution of your derivative works
  of the Work ("Your Terms") only if (a) Your Terms provide that the use
  limitation in Section 3.3 applies to your derivative works, and (b) you
  identify the specific derivative works that are subject to Your Terms.
  Notwithstanding Your Terms, this License (including the redistribution
  requirements in Section 3.1) will continue to apply to the Work itself.

  3.3 Use Limitation. The Work and any derivative works thereof only may be
  used or intended for use with the web services, computing platforms or
  applications provided by Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates, including
  Amazon Web Services, Inc.

  3.4 Patent Claims. If you bring or threaten to bring a patent claim against
  any Licensor (including any claim, cross-claim or counterclaim in a
  lawsuit) to enforce any patents that you allege are infringed by any Work,
  then your rights under this License from such Licensor (including the
  grants in Sections 2.1 and 2.2) will terminate immediately.

  3.5 Trademarks. This License does not grant any rights to use any
  Licensor's or its affiliates' names, logos, or trademarks, except as
  necessary to reproduce the notices described in this License.

  3.6 Termination. If you violate any term of this License, then your rights
  under this License (including the grants in Sections 2.1 and 2.2) will
  terminate immediately.

4. Disclaimer of Warranty.

  THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
  EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR
  NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU BEAR THE RISK OF UNDERTAKING ANY ACTIVITIES UNDER
  THIS LICENSE. SOME STATES' CONSUMER LAWS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF AN
  IMPLIED WARRANTY, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

5. Limitation of Liability.

  EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL
  THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE
  SHALL ANY LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT,
  INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR
  RELATED TO THIS LICENSE, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WORK (INCLUDING
  BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST PROFITS
  OR DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMM ERCIAL DAMAGES
  OR LOSSES), EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
  SUCH DAMAGES.


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## ReachabilitySwift

Copyright (c) 2016 Ashley Mills

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## SQLite.swift

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Stephen Celis (<stephen@stephencelis.com>)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

Add AWS User Authentication
Implemented user authentication with AWS library, currently using their default UI, can be changed at a later date.

iOS-viaPatron/Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-iOS-viaPatron/Pods-iOS-viaPatron-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSAppSync

Amazon Software License 1.0

This Amazon Software License ("License") governs your use, reproduction, and
distribution of the accompanying software as specified below.

1. Definitions

  "Licensor" means any person or entity that distributes its Work.

  "Software" means the original work of authorship made available under this
  License.

  "Work" means the Software and any additions to or derivative works of the
  Software that are made available under this License.

  The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and
  "distribution" have the meaning as provided under U.S. copyright law;
  provided, however, that for the purposes of this License, derivative works
  shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind
  by name) to the interfaces of, the Work.

  Works, including the Software, are "made available" under this License by
  including in or with the Work either (a) a copyright notice referencing the
  applicability of this License to the Work, or (b) a copy of this License.

2. License Grants

  2.1 Copyright Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
  each Licensor grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
  royalty-free, copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
  publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense and distribute its Work and
  any resulting derivative works in any form.

  2.2 Patent Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each
  Licensor grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free
  patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and
  otherwise transfer its Work, in whole or in part. The foregoing license
  applies only to the patent claims licensable by Licensor that would be
  infringed by Licensor's Work (or portion thereof) individually and
  excluding any combinations with any other materials or technology.

3. Limitations

  3.1 Redistribution. You may reproduce or distribute the Work only if
  (a) you do so under this License, (b) you include a complete copy of this
  License with your distribution, and (c) you retain without modification
  any copyright, patent, trademark, or attribution notices that are present
  in the Work.

  3.2 Derivative Works. You may specify that additional or different terms
  apply to the use, reproduction, and distribution of your derivative works
  of the Work ("Your Terms") only if (a) Your Terms provide that the use
  limitation in Section 3.3 applies to your derivative works, and (b) you
  identify the specific derivative works that are subject to Your Terms.
  Notwithstanding Your Terms, this License (including the redistribution
  requirements in Section 3.1) will continue to apply to the Work itself.

  3.3 Use Limitation. The Work and any derivative works thereof only may be
  used or intended for use with the web services, computing platforms or
  applications provided by Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates, including
  Amazon Web Services, Inc.

  3.4 Patent Claims. If you bring or threaten to bring a patent claim against
  any Licensor (including any claim, cross-claim or counterclaim in a
  lawsuit) to enforce any patents that you allege are infringed by any Work,
  then your rights under this License from such Licensor (including the
  grants in Sections 2.1 and 2.2) will terminate immediately.

  3.5 Trademarks. This License does not grant any rights to use any
  Licensor's or its affiliates' names, logos, or trademarks, except as
  necessary to reproduce the notices described in this License.

  3.6 Termination. If you violate any term of this License, then your rights
  under this License (including the grants in Sections 2.1 and 2.2) will
  terminate immediately.

4. Disclaimer of Warranty.

  THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
  EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR
  NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU BEAR THE RISK OF UNDERTAKING ANY ACTIVITIES UNDER
  THIS LICENSE. SOME STATES' CONSUMER LAWS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF AN
  IMPLIED WARRANTY, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

5. Limitation of Liability.

  EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL
  THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE
  SHALL ANY LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT,
  INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR
  RELATED TO THIS LICENSE, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WORK (INCLUDING
  BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST PROFITS
  OR DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMM ERCIAL DAMAGES
  OR LOSSES), EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
  SUCH DAMAGES.


## AWSAuthCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSAuthUI

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProvider

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProviderASF

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSMobileClient

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSUserPoolsSignIn

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## ReachabilitySwift

Copyright (c) 2016 Ashley Mills

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## SQLite.swift

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Stephen Celis (<stephen@stephencelis.com>)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
